Top Animes
- Assassination Classroom
- Charlotte
- Toradora

Top Movies
- 君の名は。(Your Name)
- Interstellar
- La La Land
- Friends With Benefits
- 3 Idiots

Studying for A Levels
I used to make instrumental covers of songs
My experience installing Arch Linux {{{
After installing an using vim relatively comfortably, I built up a certain
confidence. I was ready for my next challenge.

From internet memes, I knew vaguely of this operating system: Arch Linux.
Everyone was making fun about how unstable it is, how difficult it is to
install, and most of all how every Arch user has the insatiable urge to tell
people that they use Arch Linux. It has come to the point where "I use Arch btw"
has become a meme of its own.

[recognize that I fall under that category]

So one day in the post-conscription, pre-university boredom, I decided to wipe
my MacBook Air clean to install Arch. Just for the heck of it.

I've installed Ubuntu on my past devices before so obtaining the bootable USB
stick from the downloaded iso wasn't that hard. It was when I booted into the
USB for the first time that I encountered my first issue. The wifi driver wasn't
working. The solution wasn't ideal, but it worked: an ethernet cable dongle.

The installation process itself wasn't really all that intimidating. I followed
DT's guide for it
https://youtu.be/PQgyW10xD8s
all he really did was follow the instructions already written on the arch wiki
https://wiki.archlinux.org/title/installation_guide
but having someone else do it with me, even if only on video, was very
comforting. I also noticed that there were lots of parallels to what I would
usually do on an Ubuntu install, except that with Arch, everything is typed out
and executed in the terminal.

Once done, I unplugged the USB and
}}}
What happens after installing Arch Linux{{{

When I was done installing arch all I had was a terminal. No desktop, no
wallpaper, no icons, nothing. It wasn't even a single window with a terminal.
The computer was the terminal.
That's what I logged in to.
When I turned on my computer all it showed me was a black screen with
{description} and an expectant blinking cursor waiting for my username.

I loved it, how clean it was.

Since then, I've handpicked packages to install, from a window manager to a
wallpaper setter 

I love the package manager.
I love how fast it boots up.
I love the amount of control it gives the user over the system.
I love how close to nothing extra is installed on the system.
Things I still think about when I use arch
  having an intuitive image editor (like Affinity Photo)
  having decent battery life (macOS is still far ahead in power management)
}}}
How I got started on git
How I use zsh
Why I love cli

Stories
